make sure you feed their piles really
far apart or we'll have like a kicking
problem okay he's not interested in
getting in a pissing match with hot rods
oh what a pretty boy he does yes shorty
you're still mr. special he's full of
himself look at that oh my god he's just
making sure I never want to ride him
again you know hey smoke hey smokey he's
totally a pretty color I don't trust
that new one not to strike you
yeah that's like a dangerous situation I
hope you have the whip with you hey Bri
hey pretty smoke free to smoke pretty
boy
what a pretty boy what a fancy pretty
boy he's really flashy
you suppose he'll fade and get ugly like
my other one if he teaches shortie bad
manners I'll be mad are we gonna move
short here okay did he hurt himself damn
it
if you hurt shorty I'm gonna be really
pissed dude sure you know her yeah I
knew he was gonna kick him watch out
shorty you're so stupid why is shorty
the dumbest horse in the world he just
let himself get kicked you had to know
this was gonna happen
so we'll see which one survives I don't
know I think Shorty's a wimp he's not a
very good fighter either
did you lose Joe did you get your ass
kicked I hope so I guess he lost
I hope shorty didn't get hurt dude
there's food over here for you but you
can't have Shorty's pile cuz he's not
gonna let you like I would rather go in
with the mayor's please so who won I
think shorty got the most kicked but I
guess he didn't give up so